WasmThemis + React (#256)
cossacklabs/product-docs: content/themis/installation/installation-from-sources.md

Status of Themis migration to OpenSSL 3.0 can be tracked [on GitHub](https://github.com/cossacklabs/themis/issues/873).
{{< /hint >}}

{{< hint warning >}}
**Note:**

> At the moment Themis can not be built on M1 processors from source. But works from packages well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the moment, Themis doesn't support building from source on Apple M1 processors. Please see [Homebrew installation instead](/themis/installation/installation-from-packages/#macos).
```
